sorry can I help you yes I want to read
you something if that's okay this was
posted on my youtube channel by people
in your class you ugly little troll I
want to tie you up and beat you quiet
now I don't know why he's got such a
fascination with me
well he has a fetish for dwarfs what's
the timing up busy sounds a big gay baby
is in love with me a gay dwarf fetish
his name is Justin Palmer just didn't
Palmer come up here
Justin could you write these and tell me
the truth did you bully this man online
yeah what do you have to save yourself
sorry
don't say sorry to me say sorry to his
vine really it doesn't no it's not fine
for him apologize please to the
gentleman here that you've bully wasn't
actually bullying as such as sorry
Thanks
good now go back to your desk you
haven't heard the last of this see me
afterwards okay okay shush
Tom Tom bender it's water under the
bridge it's also it now and realized
that use they every find them